Can I get a upe?
I love this show.
From downtown Los Angeles, or there about MacArthur Park, at the Diamond Tap, uh, so
it's such and such, Harmontown is now in session!
Who out in the audience tonight feels like it's time to have a game master on stage?
Well, I've got good news for you, because we have Spencer Crittenden.
Oh, there he is!
But what is the Harmontown without a mayor?
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Yo, hip-hop, yo, hip-hop, yo, hip-hop in my bones, hip-hop, don't leave me alone, get
around, I'm gonna flow like science, fuck your mama so hard she got higher than me.
Okay, alright, that fucked it up.
That's it.
I was gonna be your hype man, but you fucking bailed.
What rhymes was science?
I was gonna hype man you and you stop rapping.
Clients.
Clients at schepporg programa.
That's it for this time.
So we're gonna slowly build a rap?
Yeah!
Next week, I'll be like, like, I wanna drop mad science, fuck your mama so hard I got mad
Clients, well I'll do better than that I won't just say man things.
It could have fucked you on top of any household appliance, c could have been anything.
It's a J. and Michael Vincent movie.
That's good.
I fucked your mama like J. and Michael Vincent and Defiance.
Wow!
Se industine fire hydrants.
is that something that works thank you oh I don't want to push buttons I want
this to be an introduction something that's confessional when I went from
now on when I talk about things that maybe push people's buttons I'm not
going to I'm gonna make sure that I use my I statements and I'm gonna talk from
a place of human vulnerability if I say something that is a political point of
view or philosophical point of view about society whatever I'm gonna try to
make sure that I'm not saying well these people this and those people that I
don't know those people I know I know myself I'm gonna be honest and I'm
gonna say what I feel and so my I was just I was just explaining to Spencer
backstage that a dear friend of mine who I'll give their anonymity because the
people that people that that that are passionate about things should I don't
want I don't I don't yeah I just like this conversation I'm having with this
person who keeps recommending this Jordan Peterson guy like you gotta listen
to Jordan Peterson and and I keep I keep going like like yeah I will I mean by
the way I haven't seen Atlanta yet it's on season nine so so when I when I when
I don't bother to do something it's not because I hope but I don't think it's
because I'm stubborn or or doing something but however I do keep saying
to the person like I'm gonna I'm gonna listen to him because you say he's smart
he's interesting and all this stuff but I will tell you that every that every
link you send me and every time I Google it keeps saying like in it says from
his from his fans and God knows people's fans can misrepresent them
unintentionally thinking how do you know that then but but but it does say
things like you know truth bomb Jordan Peterson debunks the concept of white
privilege disproves the pay gap blah blah blah and and I don't you know and
then I say that back to the person and then that person always says like they
go he's really interesting but there's always it's like I never I never get a
what what why is he a plumber what is he like what do you mean because the
headline is that he debunked the concept of white privilege did he also tell you
how to install a backsplash in your kitchen and so I but the reason I bring
it up is not it was not too I certainly want this person to continue to I like
people to share like if you're into somebody I fucking we bonded early on
we love our gnome Chomsky like like who knows if he's fallen in and out of
fashion but but but some people have to hear tonight so some some some some
people could could turn red in the face when you mention his name some people
roll their eyes automatically some people are very familiar with them and
we'll do either of those things some people not familiar at all we'll do
those things like it I you and I started a friendship to talking about because I
knew him as a linguist and and you knew him as a political dissident and when
we exchanged things and all these things so I don't want anybody to ever be
afraid that they're gonna suggest I read something or listen to something that
because I'm gonna like snootily high road them I brought it up because it's
caused me to do some soul searching here because I'm explaining to the person
that taught me some things about myself that that that I want to get off my
chest which is like this it's like I'd like it's like oh you guys like I don't
I don't I am not ashamed of the of the idea of what my detractors would call
virtue signaling I I or white nighting or whatever kind of code for that stuff I
don't understand unless you want to challenge society and change it go to
toe-to-toe with it or get paid to talk about it why would you want to do
anything other than make it not kill you I do like the therapist saying do you
want to be happy or do you want to be right like I want to be happy so like
like isn't that what virtue signaling is isn't it like if you're 45 white
straight rich standing on top of a pile of money what why is it like why is it a
betrayal why is it a bad move to shout down to all the poor people that you can
hear you I'm gonna do everything I can to help you don't set this on fire I'm
on top of it I like you and would like this to continue the way it is I like
but shouldn't they be concerned that the money is just in a pile like that seems
like well that's of course it's in a pile that brings up an interesting point
which which is that also you know I actually don't think this is the ideal
situation I'm gonna try even harder to achieve some changes because boy I can
see your house from here and it's very small like like I died like people
think that it's somehow a counter argument to say to that you're just
saying what you think people want to hear so that you don't get beaten up or
suffer what when did that become a valid point of view like oh are we
revolutionaries when we when we like tell the truth is this about knowing the
truth like do I want to really go home tonight and crack a book if I have a
choice between two books and one says female lesbian colon how women are
treated unfairly and have been since the dawn of humankind asterisk notice we
didn't say mankind because fuck men and then the other book is like the big lie
how liberalism is no different from Nazis and why Nazism isn't that bad
anyway which I I I still have that I still have I still have that one for
sale on Amazon right now I told you not to self-publish I told you I try you're
gonna end up spending more than you make you you're you're being a real
feminine capital Nazi right you the the but I'm gonna I'm gonna if I'm if I'm
on a sinking ship and I'm like I got one book for the next ten years I'm gonna
not because I'm so fucking noble and open-minded I'm gonna I'm gonna take the
the feminist book because it's gonna have more information that that I don't
already have and don't suffer from you know I'm kind of like I don't yeah I
just read my book just give it a chance I don't want to know I don't want to be
able to if I I don't want to be in a convoy what conversation am I ever gonna
have in the future where I'm gonna be thinking boy oh boy this would go so
much better as bad as it's going God it would go better if I just had the
academic chops to prove that maternity leave is unfair I just god damn it I
don't have the fucking noodle for it I do have the noodle for it that's the
problem whether I believe it passionately or not what I don't have in my
head is the is the is the reasons why people be talking about other stuff and
I want to I want people to like me I just and I don't where do you stand I'm
building seven what's the what is the least popular opinion what I I it's I
Spencer said something really funny cuz we were talking about cuz I'm gonna
listen to the Jordan Peterson thing but you were you were talking about the
natural naturalist thing when you're going like some of this stuff is like
people say you gotta listen to this guy and then you listen to the guy and it's
like oh he's so smart it's like they got a PhD and they're like oh man they gave
a lecture and it was so amazing the way they broke it down and like a lot of it
comes down to like naturalism tropes where it's like hey people aren't
naturally monogamous or the way humans work isn't like this or that it's like
and I and I said yeah but people don't poop in toilets naturally like we just
kind of yeah toilets are great and use and you said yeah it's Spencer's
summation of the naturalist fallacy is like is like hey man ducks don't be gay
that's the that's the fallacy people say yeah the naturalization
see is ducks don't be gay I didn't I didn't I didn't service it in the retail
it's that it's that people say oh this isn't natural therefore it's bad and
then they say like oh you know like like an argument against gay marriage or
whatever it's like gay being gay is unnatural it's like ducks aren't gay in
the wild animals aren't gay and then of course animals are gay in the wild but
like but like that it's a fallacy that people make to prove their point when
they get but a fallacy is an invalid argument by nature anyway I I do a lot
of research I love it I'm on I'm online all the time checking things reading
things who knows if they're good or bad I don't know it's the internet but
basically everything that I understand about Jordan Peterson just comes down
to that fallacy it's like well actually it turns out like lobsters like kill
each other and so like it's fine to want to kill each other or like you know it's
just all that fallacy where it's just like well no that's not true that's
something else is sometimes he's giving a giving one of those talks and if
somebody just starts go from the audience going like hey I like your wife I
want to fuck your wife he's like sorry excuse me like he wouldn't have security
escort that person out right because he doesn't believe in marriage and he'd be
happy if he is married to have a stronger person with a louder voice that that
felt like talking at that moment like microphones aren't fucking cavemen but
I'm not I'm not I'm not speak I'm not lampooning this person that because I
don't want to commit the crime of like making you you've you've you've maybe
read or heard him I'm I'm I'm just lame I'm just done I'm just riffing on the
idea of like the people that go like you know monogamy is not a thing like in
58 countries and stuff it's like yeah man I when did you ever get the
impression that humanity like wanted to be natural like like how is that our
gimmick like like what I just I just so confounded by it and I kind of like
maybe I wasn't confounded by it six years ago I mean I know if you listen to
this podcast you're gonna hear me take complete 180s on a lot of fundamental
stuff and I I don't I'm not gonna chalk it up to turbulent times or anything
changing I'm gonna I'm gonna first and foremost say I'm old I am I am thank
God successful I I I just I just have this amazing like weird unsettling
couples therapy session with Cody we went we went in to get the 60,000 mile
checkup and kind of we were like it was a because we had back-to-back sessions
that we're gonna be solo but if we come in together that is like like that's our
choice and then play so it was like basically like it could it could have
been a two-hour session or a two you know two whatever 50 plus 50 is a hundred
a hundred minute session what is 50 plus 50 and it was like way more than like
20 minutes before the end of an hour clearly the therapist just ran out of
gas was like by virtue of our happiness like she was like huh okay well ah look
I don't know what to tell you guys you you love each other and you communicate
and that seems to be working and I gotta tell you I've had a pretty long day of
heterosexual couple couples like fucking bringing me down with a bunch of shit
about the same shit you're talking about cuz they don't know how to do what
you guys do which is you kind of just like each other don't you yeah I think
it's working I think it's working and you know what it's it's five o'clock and
I was like yeah I'll go eat and Cody's like yep let's get out of here I'm
hungry it was a yep let's get out of here bye but like like like we're fucking
perfect so you nailed it we did it
and I gotta tell you I'm kind of I get I'm getting the same five in my solo
sessions too I think I'm a perfect individual as well so you know you know
when you've nailed it with your therapist when you've bored her to pieces
and she wants to get the fuck yeah she's sort of like and I kind of project
on her because I'm a cynic I'm like I've done a storyteller I'm kind of just
thinking like oh she's a married lesbian I wonder if part of her is thinking like
yeah must be nice what the fuck get out of here you know it's like cuz it's
like we're specific we're talking about well maybe we're gonna move in together
and and you know we we we think about children but we don't think about
children and all this stuff and like just kind of like I know it's probably
not the case because she just makes these faces she has these like faces she
makes when she's actually like when she's certain about things and it kind of
just like doubles as someone who is secretly hateful but I it's not okay
but she's just kind of like yeah you know seems like it's working huh huh yeah
yeah and I'm I like thinking that she wants to stab our eyes out because she's
like must be nice time to go home to my lesbian wife god damn it
that is not me saying that lesbians are less happy no I am absolutely what you
said that is not true that's not what I well it may be true that that's what I
accidentally applied but I absolutely the grass is always greener I picture
lesbians as being incredibly happy because you probably have to and I'm
sure they fight all the time like like cats and cats all right come on stupid
it's Dom it's stupid well cast stupid stupid dumb jokes the but I actually I
always picture gay people as happier than straight people in couples because you
then it's probably a revert like a kind of a different form of not what do you
call it's easy to say like oh that's a different form of racism but you can't
say it's a different form of homophobia because you're not phobic but it's still
it's still dehumanizing to say I bet gay people are happier than straight
people you're still saying like gay you know because they're so different but
you know I'll cause I picture I picture a gay couple like like the gay partner
number one comes home and puts their gay why is one partner number one because I
didn't want to be like the guy can't be like the gay husband because that's the
good thing we do is like well who's the caboose and how I was like straight
people want to like project their child like which one of you's gonna wear the
tux and I had to learn that that's that's not a thing that they love like
I like you know like it's like the Tatanka thing in
dances with wolves like you fucking like listen and you you're gonna be wrong
about shit and you try to achieve like I'm gonna stop you you're doing this
wrong so so I but I always picture regardless of that I picture here's
what I picture how do you picture how do I picture a gay gay gay partner number
one comes home puts gay briefcase down and I'm sorry gay part of everyone
comes home and does what puts gay briefcase down gay brief why is the
gay why is the briefcase gay because they're not a sellout because they didn't
let their job define them because they're fucked because when they go to
work it's with a gay briefcase I'm more on that later okay that's about personal
fulfillment like I'm talking about coming back to briefcase identity right
they put their briefcase down and then the gay couple gay part participant in
gay couple number two is in bed doing a crossword and and says how was your day
and and the answer is you know it was and they and they rattle off like a
bunch of things that make your day neutral Gary at work still still doing
the thing where he calls my briefcase gay and Dan keeps trying to prove he's
not homophobic by asking those questions about who wore the tux at the
wedding and and all these things and then and then they go yeah it was a hard
thinking it was like and then they and then I just pictured them going like but
I know one thing for sure I love you and then what you know what it's probably an
internal process not an external one but I picture inside their brains I'm
going like I I'm able to believe that more than the average straight person
because this isn't fucking sanctioned it's it was more difficult to get here it
was harder to like it like there's there's already friction in just like
getting here about myself and then I found you and then the two of us are
together and that who knows who approved of that or not but in any case boy when
we wake up in the morning we really have to ask ourselves do I want to do this
and if we and if we fucking stop wanting it Newtonian physics will fucking
fling it apart like our parents will pay us like they'll be like thank God
you're straight I knew it like like all of that like you know it's like like so
that's probably all that's an example of how you can have the you can be an
advocate you can be a supporter and you can still be you know part of the
problem because because I'm thinking of these people as a different species I'm
thinking of them as oh Marvel or versus DC or something like like but they have
Green Lantern meetings where they can make parties out of that as long as
they're not yellow I just can't believe that you that you think of briefcases
as being binary yeah you know you guys know what I'm picturing when I say
straight briefcase no no no we don't know you you fucking tell me what you
think of when you think of straight briefcase you know a fucking goose step
in brown ass fucking thing with the dial code and the fucking combinations your
birthday because your fucking cisgender heteronormative piece of shit and who
cares about that the code's probably one two three four because you know what's
in there a bunch of fucking pictures of the opposite sex naked yawn
good save good say I don't need I don't need saves I'm fucking honest you can't
say I'm fucking lampooning myself I'm delightful you are delightful I'm not
sure of the right to remain there is no such thing as a save when you're a
Harlem Globetrotter like my job isn't to beat the Washington generals it's not
real basketball I'm fucking full of fucking like I got a bucket of confetti
in my shorts it's it's it's about being fucking real prove it prove it you have
to subscribe to see that I really did it yeah for $5 a month he didn't have any
confetti in his shorts yeah so anyways I don't know yeah I just like that
conversation with my friend thank God I have a friend who's like pushing Jordan
Peterson I mean because that make me actually explore myself and go well if
I don't if I don't stay on this schedule of I promise to listen to him
tomorrow it's probably because I've actually made a decision in my life I
should acknowledge which is that I'm a little more interested in boning up on
how to function like I'm more interested in how to let people know that
despite the shape of my face the placement of my eyebrows that the the
Google auto conclusions of my name the the everything that you may have heard
about me that actually I am very interested in you being comfortable with
me and that that's actually like if you see me outside of my house it's because
I chose to leave the house and that while I'm outside the house I actually
regarded as a shared world with you and that I would like to make sure that you
don't leave the conversation frowning even if you're crazy like like like like
because one out of ten people is and I'm like well we can't fucking let them
shape the our opinions of strangers like you like what if you know like like
like how guarded are we gonna be against Mark David Chapman's you know like like
like like at the expense of like not meeting more novas or or or or Jane
Jane cooks or or or or or Spencers or this guy Jeff Davis who's just mad
because his briefcase is straight that's all you're mad about I have a
trans briefcase all right it's very functional would you would you describe
it oh shit got him got him nail him I'm gonna pour myself a drink while you
describe your trans briefcase its name is Tamara and it holds folders and pens
it's got a little pouch that I usually put like the book I'm reading in and
enjoy being a briefcase that's great hey can I just I talked to this person who
may have been crazy at a point pretty recently and not too far from here
actually it was like off of Wilshire or whatever there is a guy that I locked my
car in a parking garage and so I had to get an uber away to my house and then I
took it back in the morning and he was there both times and at night I wanted
to give him money but I didn't have it so in the morning I came back and give
him money and then we were talking and he was like he was like you know all the
I used to be a chiropractor all these chiropractors are quacks man all these
chiropractors are getting put into jail because they're killing people they're
breaking their carotid arteries when they're given adjustments man I know it
I wrote the book on chiropractor you know me my name is Dr. John chiropractor
and he was like is he rapping is he a rapper no no he was like he is like he
really had a pretty tight whatever what I mean cadence and so like he was just
going on but it was like at first it was like you know I used to be a chiropractor
on hard times and I was like oh crazy and then then he was like yeah you know
all these chiropractors are killing their patients and stuff and I was like
well why do you why are you talking about that like that's I don't you know I
don't have any intersection with chiropractors other than you right now
they kill people did he ever get a was he like so anyways I'm not licensed but
you look like your back hurts and I promise I won't break your carotid
artery no no it was none of that he wasn't he wasn't trying to do anything
we were just talking you know I'm sure you just wanted to say what's up I sat
next to a guy at El Cholo is that the name of the you know it is yeah and I
chose there were there were seats available at the bar there was a fella
at the bar who was wrapped in an American flag and had a cowboy hat on and
he was a he was a little guy and and he was like eating tortilla soup like it
was like fuck the last like like it had oxygen in it and he was on Mars and I
was like oh I know where I'm sitting and I know what I'm ordering and and I sat
down next to him and when I did he was like what's up yeah like this kind of
like challenging like like like yeah I'm wrapped in an American flag right yeah and I and I was
like nothing how are you and he's like good and then he went back to his soup
damn and as I just sat there and I was like this is great yeah because I proved
that I'm not judgmental and I don't have to talk to him to prove it yeah he's I
sat next to the exact right person because I sat next to anybody else who knows
with it like I'm a dentist how are you oh the people misjudged the value of the
tooth but maybe I don't know it's just a word of advice maybe that person that
you look at and go oh a tin foil robot maybe maybe maybe they're like they're
wearing that because they're like try me and then you simply not trying them
makes you the best person they've ever met he was literally wrapped in an actual
flag yeah like a cave like a cape not not a garment that was made to no no be
a garment just just a cape no it's cheaper that way right and so this is
like if you pressed X to diffuse the situation kind of in red and then it's
like it's plus honor you know really one this is El Cholo in Los Angeles this
was the one that is right that's what I'm talking about you remember that guy
right leavey I leavey was there wait that leavey talking shit back there when
was this leavey was with me we were meeting my what so you're with leavey
yeah I'm always with leavey dude don't don't bury the leavey yeah that's it
okay do you guys remember a song yeah you remember a song I do I remember loads
of songs yeah are you thinking more in particular yes okay it is it is it is
from the 1970s it's by a guy named I think his name is wait I'm gonna look it
up real quick because I want because the the worst thing I could do is his name is car
I'm so tired oh yeah yeah I was in Las Vegas for a day and a half and that
really takes it out of you right oh my god in water oh I forgot this play we
don't really get like the four G's out here okay here it is okay you want to
plug into the thing it's but it's by a guy no I don't want to I don't want to
make Kevin Day freak out about copyright like I don't play a play a song Kevin
Dave's been dead for days it's by a guy it's it's a 1970 song it's by a guy named
Clarence Carter it's called it's called Stroken yeah well oh yeah
here's the thing would you please keep your fucking act together it was a
Colombian I've never I've never seen somebody I was I'm dating a young
lady 12 years younger than me there's a lot and she's a valley girl there's a
lot of things that she knows like like like I can't tell it so every every
Christmas Jordan we watch every Christmas right every Christmas we've
tried we I think we figured out yesterday that we do this every Christmas
but we never remember because we're drunk we try to watch all the diehard
movies and and I think every it's a groundhog day like I'm always like you've
never seen diehard no like well you got to see the sequel it's really
uncomfortable and okay let's watch all of them okay the third one gets kind of
amazing because it's so intensely racially aware and and and then we
always have but then we started noticing because it's like it comes up and
says resume playing and it's right at the end like we've done this before we've
watched all the diehards we always fall asleep before the first Simon says
booby trap in the fountain remember when you and me and Schrab and Chris Tom
and tried to watch all the hellraisers and we fucking just damn there's seven of
them there's almost seven diehards now for real yeah there's like five there
might is there six there I know there's what you're raising your oh you're
you're holding up the number five I thought you were like like can I come
up because there's 11 and I got a degree in diehard at Columbia anyways so the
song's called smoke the reason I thought we're listed a true crime podcast so
there were these a couple months all the true crime podcast like all said the
same thing a couple months ago there was this family they they they 17 year old
girl escaped from the family she called 911 and and the cop showed up and she
said my kid my siblings have been imprisoned for fucking 20 years in our
house it was like you might remember that it was like this news item about this
this family that kept all 13 of their kids like chained to their beds for
like forever and some of them were in their 20s because you can't have like
that many kids without some of them being in their 20s like like it takes like up
to nine months to make each one and you have to lie fallow once every three
years so they just had like that so they had full grown adults who are like
malnourished and anyways the family's the last name is the Turpins and we're
like holy shit what's up with these Turpins and then I just started you know
we're feeding the dogs and we're just kind of high and I'm like I've been
turpin and Cody's laughing and I'm like doing this I've been turpin oh yeah you
know I've been turpin and she's like what is that song and I'm like I think it's
like what is it I've been smoking I'm smoking what is that song and I was
like is that I believe in miracles what is it it's really clever you've been
looking for and then I find it it's called stroking this song is like what is
this song I agree before you even play it this song is fucking strange it is so
fucking weird for the weirdest reasons because the guy is it about fucking or
second or stroking or I don't know that's part of the twist is it is that so
I don't think I don't think I'm allowed to play it I don't think I play it who
gives a fuck is stroking gonna sue us well we could always delete it later
I guess if I assume like if I say like how about this like I mean I play it like
like what is it it costs like 35 grand to like buy like a Sarah Bareilles song
but we can delete it at any time if we want to just not put it on we can delete
it tomorrow before it drops it's fine to play it as a live performance in this
room oh that I know so so right right right but but if you don't want it to
exist forever we want we might have to drop it and just right yeah I do think
it's valuable to just like it's important but we could bleep it and tell
him go online and listen to it online well I type because these folks they
can't do that that would be rude to the show we're kind of a lot of like younger
people in the audience that you know they're like they have no
left here it is it's like right one point yeah he's uh stroking this is
something that I'll be doing tonight like it goes into stroking is that
something that are we doing tonight is always said more or less he I know he
strokes it to the left I'm pretty sure he strokes it to the right how could you
know I'm a I'm a Libra so you gotta stroke it to the left and stroke it to
the right because I'm about I'm about balance the signals really weak in here
I think I'm gonna I'm gonna bail on the plan play the fucking song no I'm gonna
I'm just just said the opposite right so if you take the opposite point of view
that what you're doing is you're just putting the brakes I knowing it isn't
that I'm not hey I know it too God if only someone knew the way I have the
lyrics written down I don't need someone to know them okay so so he says well
this is great we don't have that anything right and they'll Google it anyway so he
says he he's the protagonist essentially right yeah yeah I mean yeah it's not
about Dracula he says I it's the first person I don't like he never says on
the song by the way I've been Dracula this whole time oh and no and quite
frankly actually toward the end he in a very smart branding move he has a woman
cry out his name many many oh okay it started playing so oh wait sorry that's
partway into the song okay so so let's stop it there when I start making love
I don't just make love I'd be stroking right so now I'm gonna ask the question
later what does he think we're gonna think he means and what could he
possibly mean if he doesn't mean and I have I am I am the last person to shame
him for this because I literally be stroking during making love in a variety
of ways like I'm very like happy to involve self-pleasure in a queer
intersectionality with fucking like sex is a journey not a destination right
it's that you fucking hang out with somebody it's a it's a thing you do for
a while and when it stops it stops and whoever's stroking is stroking you have
been you you have been stroking in your own whatever yeah I mean it's like like
my therapist said to me at one point she's like you know you're gonna be in a
relationship one day where you're gonna feel like masturbating while you're
playing a video game and your girlfriend is gonna be in the same building and
you're gonna think I'm gonna go find her and and and make it her problem as a
word as a as a path of least resistance I was good and I was like that's not
true that's not how monogamy ends up working like come on we tug one out
whether in the shower and we cut because we don't want to like have
conversations about blah blah blah and it's like no that's all about shame and
all this stuff is like sure enough I was like goddamn I'm horny I knowing that I
there's no shame in me being able to just fucking start stroking and Cody can
either be fine with that or I guess I was like like it's not about getting caught
doing it trying not to wake them up but it's like like Dix hard stroke stroke
stroke and then like and like because she'll she'll do it too it's like like
we'll be watching Superman too and she'll be like yeah and I'll be like what
did you fart and she goes no I came like you just masturbated and she's like
yeah I'm the fucking master and I'm like this bitch is amazing and I'm off the
hook forever like that is what you need is a partner during Superman to dick
Donna got fired off that movie she still came so she be stroking you be
strong anyways I'm not judging the guy I'm just saying like the guy that's what
he's eating with I'm just saying I think we've already in the first three like
lyrics we've crossed a threshold into his world right and it's already weird
like he's he's presenting it is weird because when I'm making love I'm not
just making love I'm also stroking and I'm like okay maybe he has like oxygen
lost to his brain tell tell me more clearance Carter that's cool he's
stroking it to her okay now he now let me ask you something okay this list start
better start getting way more fucking adventurous because so far you're
literally listing the most common times for love making but guess what he's
just going to run down a list of the laziest ways to make love but he's
chalice chest and up on the listener he's good there's a couple more items
and he gets increasingly defiant like what about this and every time it gets
more more common I just wanted to have you ever made love during a lunar eclipse
have you ever made love at Lover's Lane okay it's in not on are you are you the
monsters on the backseat do you drive an Excalibur are you are you on a plow this
record's called bucket list bucket list for for for De Niro's character and
awakenings like like too soon for a tennis ball with your right hand have
you ever made love when you were 17 and it was uncontrollable have it has dry
humping ever led to making love but but but is he leading to something grander
no he's leading to a segue that's I don't like like how did this song become a
weird neurotypical challenge because people have you ever made love when
you're drunk what does he imagine what does he imagine is the other side of
that are they saying well no that's very cool please continue I think he
imagine only talking to his parents who are like it's a four-poster bed or
you're going to hell or are they like saying yeah I have and he's like well
what about in the backseat of a car and he's like yeah I have and they're like
well what about on the moon I think he is I think that's what it is because he's
about to tell a story about about the backseat it's like a segue well it just
seems like very much like bragging and I didn't want to leap into he takes it to
the bridge is like I'm gonna walk you into my world where hey look there's
different ways sometimes you're in the backseat of a car the story takes place
in the backseat of car because police are about to be involved and I don't want
you to picture them coming into my bedroom and so yes I was in the backseat
of a car and in case you're gonna be thrown by that police car no he wasn't
a police sorry sorry sorry I'm just saying I'm just thinking like oh he's
just setting he's he's inviting us into yeah and like have you hey hey he's like
being like Kinsey you know he's going like hey how fucking straight are you man
when it comes to locations and times where you're making love you make love
all over the place don't you including the backseat of the car okay so he's
saying are you freaky but he's saying look I'm not even that freaky I make
love sometimes before breakfast I make sometimes during the late-late show
right sometimes on a couch sometimes in the back of a car I'm kind of walking
you into my world right where I am a regular person right so so and I'd be
stroking on regular thing when you find out the payoff you're gonna be like well
why did why was that plank necessary why can't you just jump into a pool this
shallow because it's called it's called verse verse chorus bridge where they
take it to a nether place they walk you into across the but I will know this
song is breaking all the rules right away because the only other song that
does this to my glee is Eric Clapton's it's in the way that you use it like you
notice he just it just starts like boom hey make a lot I've been
stroking not like he doesn't even like there's no verse it's not like you know
I'm gonna tell you about the wild thing for a while and then wild thing it's like
he kind of like gets into it okay take us to the bridge take us to the bridge
all right here we go if I can maybe I'll take us to the door
okay so I just want to speak on behalf of the police there in that situation
say still the same charges apply sir I don't know if you're if you're speaking
in terms of legal jurisprudence but our job is to put your dick back in your
pants because your car is a place where police can see it but when he goes to
court I guarantee you his defense is gonna be define what stroking is and
that's the twist that's coming and it's coming it's coming unintentionally
because and I don't know if it's intention I don't think it's intentional
because there's another twist in the song that is intentional the one that's
unintentional is that he finally will use stroking with it as a verb with a
subject I don't know if it's the correct term object or subject but that
there's a that he'll he'll say what he's stroking and and I'm like oh you should
lead with that or not be confused about the ambiguous response because Chuck
Barry would open with whatever he was stroking right so that then he can play
the game of like I've got a little bell and I call it a dingaling now let's
play fucking salty salted nuts or whatever the SNL sketch is not
comedically sophisticated that sketch oh he's back for an eighth time
salty balls what the fuck this is like a 1950s joke okay so just to me that line
that we just heard changes changes the meaning of the past lines because he's
saying all this stuff and it sounds braggartly but now he's telling this
story and so it recontextualizes the early line such that it sounds like he's
saying he's trying to come up with a way to relate to you he's like oh you ever
have sex on a on a on a couch no no well what about in the backseat of the car
okay okay well I was having sex on the backseat of the car and a guy came up
and so so remember I said earlier that I was stroking well that was just like
this one time while I was having sex in the back of the car and this guy comes
up to me he says what are you doing I've been I've been stroking you know and now
I just know to continue to explain this yeah it's also notable though that I
don't think the cops said what are you doing I think he just shines the light
and he goes I'm stroking guilty conscious guilty conscious can you go back and
play that previous line okay I think it's important that we go back and
recontextualize this guy is endeavoring to explain something serious
I'm not sure my dick haven't even wet
Okay.
Let me ask you something.
How long has it been since you made love?
Huh?
It's important to find out.
Did you make love yesterday?
I don't remember this part.
Did you make love last week?
He needs to get a baseline.
Are you making love tomorrow?
It's important for this next part I'm about to explain.
Maybe it might be that you're planning on making love tonight.
But just remember, when you start making love,
you're making a hard, long, soft, short, and be stroking.
Okay.
I don't know how long I'll be.
He said make it hard, long, soft, and short.
Make it paradoxical.
Sex should be challenging.
Make it be a...
Here comes the thing that I continue to twist.
It's going to be really subtle.
When I start making love to my woman,
I don't stop until I know she's sex-ified.
I always tell when she gets sex-ified.
Because when she gets sex-ified,
she started calling my name.
She said,
Clans caught, clans caught, clans caught, clans caught.
That's smart branding.
The other night, I was stroking my woman.
Okay, so now he's...
So he was never talking about his cock.
He's talking about being sensual.
So now it makes sense that the cops come up
and shine the light, and he goes,
I'm fucking stroking, man.
I have a civil right to do so.
It's a stroke.
I'm fucking touching someone's skin in a way that...
No, he's talking about putting...
He's talking about the stroke of the in and out of the dick.
He just said stroking my woman.
Are you saying you could use that,
and it becomes kind of like stroking my woman
means penetrating her?
I think he's talking about fucking.
Well, and I would say also,
in contrast to my theory there,
where I was like, oh, wait,
the joke's on me for thinking
he was talking about stroking his penis.
But in his refrain,
he says, I stroke it to the woman
that I like best,
which means not...
It means...
What are you stroking
when you're stroking to something?
You can't be stroking a piano to...
Yeah, it's not a...
It's not an intransitive verb.
But I thought that was the twist,
but his twist is just profane.
And it got so good to her.
You know what she told me.
Let me tell you what she told me.
She said,
I stroke a clenched collar,
but don't stroke so fast.
If my stuff ain't tight enough,
you can stick me up my...
Well, I'd be slower.
Okay, well...
Damn.
Is that a problem she was anticipating?
The defense rests.
Ha, ha, ha!
Yeah, I...
I mean, the case closed.
If it's not...
He's talking about fucking...
He's talking about fucking a pussy,
and then he goes, oh, also,
if her stuff is too tight...
If it's too tight, how is your ass looser?
But then...
What kind of woman are you
bringing home with you, Clarence Carter?
But then...
If my vagina's too tight, there's always my ass.
What is that moment to get demure
and not say the word ass?
I know, well, because he's...
That's the one thing that I'm thinking,
like, you know what she said to me?
He just sings the rest of it, and then he finishes the song.
But, like, he might be thinking,
like, you know what, and then I stop dating her,
because I'm not doing that.
Well, I be strokin'.
I mean, like, a neck rub.
Like, I'm like, I like to cuddle.
But that's not the case.
Anyways, well, that's the song strokin', babe.
It's just good that he...
When he gave that story,
it's good that he found out how often
we have sex and whether or not
we've done it on a couch.
Otherwise, how could we possibly have understood
that when her stuff is too tight,
we could do it there?
You know what?
What it's called...
It wouldn't make any sense with all that buildup.
It's called accusing the accuser.
Oh, well, last time you had sex on a couch.
Right. I didn't say you weren't strokin', buddy.
Oh, really?
When was the last time you had sex?
I'm not saying you did it.
Was it last night?
That's not relevant.
How is that a way to respond
to police shining a light on you?
I guess he's saying, like,
you got a fucking problem? I'm strokin'.
It's just him being defiant.
He's going, like, why don't you take a picture
of the last longer?
I'm fucking strokin'.
I'm not stealing. I'm not fucking...
I'm not stealing his own.
You very understandably took it to a place
where if a guy starts talking about I be strokin',
it sounds like he's masturbating.
It turns out, no, he's...
He just...
He wants anal sex and is not getting it
because the police are on his fucking ass.
But also, like, is he just describing...
He's just describing the...
When I'm making love, I don't...
It's not just making love. I have a special name for it.
Oh, yeah. That's not a nice...
I do it differently. I do it better.
I call it strokin'.
I'm not going to call it making love
because you're a fucking plebe, okay?
You make love like a fucking barn animal
or a priest.
I'm gonna...
I'm a fucking hero when I make love.
I'm a trademarkable fucking, like,
brandy...
Wait, sir? Sir?
I'm shining my light on you. I'm strokin'.
Why is there a...
Why is there a compass
on your penis right now?
I have to ask this
as a police officer.
And I have to answer
as a stroker.
All right.
And by asking...
You've already answered some of my questions
that I'll be asking later.
Why is there a compass?
I've never seen a compass.
I've seen loads of things in my 15 years
as a law enforcement officer.
Ask this guy if he's ever done it on a couch.
Hey.
Thank you, Emily. I will.
Officer?
Have you ever made love?
Hey, this will come into play later.
Of course. What time have you made love?
Answer my question. What to ask to answer mine?
I pay your salary. What time have you made love?
Ask him if he's playing on a bacon-loved tonight.
Before breakfast? Have you made love before breakfast?
Of course before breakfast. Okay, well, let me ask you this.
All right.
Have you done it during the late, late show?
Why, sir?
Sir, why is there a compass
in your pitta with it?
Because
I stroke it to the east.
Oh. I stroke it to the west.
Okay, so that's how you can tell.
And I stroke it to the woman
that I love best. Okay, I'm not asking.
That's what your flashlight is fucking penetrating.
I'm not saying you're a bad person.
I'm saying that this is a residential community
where there are strict rules
about people making love in their automobiles.
Oh, do people live here? Yes.
Well, do they live?
Or do I live?
Okay, wait, no.
And am I not more alive than them?
Who are you fucking Camu?
I'm a fucking law officer.
Never heard of him. Too busy stroking.
Dropped out of high school to stroke.
Wait, wait.
No law against it. You're stroking what?
The woman.
To her. And also her.
But that's not how verbs work.
You can't stroke too.
We didn't ask enough leading questions.
I just want to know how
how do you put a compass on your dick
in the first place?
You're so bad at geography
that you can't just look at the moon
and know when you're fucking to the east or the west
that you have to have a compass on your dick.
What kind of pagan shit is this?
You know, if you're going to arrest me,
am I under arrest?
No.
Thank you.
You are not being detained.
Everything you say right now can be used against you.
I got your badge number.
You're talking about moon fucking?
Step out of the car.
Gladly.
You might want to step to the west a little bit.
Why is that?
Because I was on that stroke when you fucking
interrupted me with your fascist fucking.
Are you about to be stroking me?
No, I'm just saying.
I'm mid-stroke.
Sir, if you threaten to stroke an officer,
that's fine.
I'm going to stroke you. I stroke the people I love best.
Who might fucking chop liver?
You don't love me at all?
I'm cooperating here.
There's nobody around.
Why is it against the law for me to stroke?
So you caused the problem.
I don't understand.
Nobody knows why you stroke.
It sounds like you're jerking off.
Did you seek me out because you had stroking questions?
I was minding my own business.
Maybe I've made love
every way you could possibly do it.
And I want to fucking find out if there's
better ways to do it.
I asked you some questions.
I already know you've never stroked.
I don't know what you call it, sir.
I throw myself on your mercy.
Emily, would you tell him
that this is voluntary, consensual,
so we can just get in the front seat of the car?
So she has to tell me it's consensual?
What?
You're going to make her tell me
that the stroking was consensual the whole time?
I'm not going to make her do anything.
I'm going to stroke to her
while she talks to you.
Nobody knows what that means.
It sounds horrible.
It sounds like an awful thing.
Yeah, stroking sounds awful, yeah.
Yeah, this fucking police state.
It's like we're through the looking glass, man.
Stroking is bad, but you know what's not?
Vietnam.
Put your hands in the car.
Put your hands in the hood.
I'm not resisting arrest.
My name is Clarence Carter.
Give me your right hand.
Not your right.
My east hand?
Yes.
Now put your west hand
back there.
I'm going to put the cuffs on you, sir.
All right.
And I'm going to be stroking.
I'm going to be stroking to her.
I'm going to be stroking to the south.
Stroking to your butt
and stroking to your mouth.
I'm going to be stroking.
Are you stroking to the north and south?
Yeah, yeah.
Also, who's going to believe you?
There's no witnesses.
Look, all I needed to know was that you stroked.
I stroked to the north and the south.
Fantastic.
You stroked to the east and the west.
That's why I was freaked out.
I walk up in the car.
I see somebody stroking east and west
and that's confusing to me.
I'm a north-south stroker.
What's your ethnic background?
Are you Norwegian?
I'm Portuguese.
It goes by lay lines, I've heard.
My family's from the Azores
and we're right on the...
That makes total sense.
I'm not trying to be racist.
I'm American myself, but what I've been told
is that there's different...
It goes by magnetic lay lines.
I'm going to uncuff you.
Thank you so much.
I'll just give you a warning on this one.
Okay, I mean, I don't see why...
I'm not going to...
I don't understand why there has to be a rule
just because that's how you stroke.
You stroked east and west.
You want to go up and down.
North and south seems like a logical way to stroke.
No, you'd be stroking.
Huh.
I get it now.
I get what it's like to be
pontificated to about stroking.
Can I be honest with you?
Can I give you one secret?
Can we walk away from the car
so Emily doesn't hear us?
I've...
I've never actually had sex before breakfast.
Wow.
Well, it's like a bingo card.
Eventually everybody fills it.
It's not about...
What I'm trying to impart,
when I was grilling you about that,
it wasn't like, oh, do you do it...
Right, I was just saying,
can we share
the fact that we've stroked?
All right, anyways, all right.
Sorry.
I'll let you go with a warning.
Get out of here.
Drive home safely.
Look, I gotta tell you,
if I ever see you up here again,
just keep it rolling.
Move along.
Because I have a job to do.
You've got a job to do.
What do you do? How do you make a living?
I'm a motivational speaker.
Really?
Yeah, mostly colleges and stuff.
Because I suffer from severe depression.
Oh, well, let me ask you this.
Well, I already know the answer to what I was going to ask.
Don't diminish me by thinking
that you already know the answers to my...
Well, you know, when I eat,
when I eat,
I don't just eat.
I eat gluten.
You eat gluten.
Yeah, I eat gluten.
I eat gluten to the east.
I go to...
When you eat, do you ever eat
before breakfast?
Wait, I do eat on the couch.
Yeah, you might have like a silly allergy.
The only time I'm ever happy
is eating on the couch.
Yeah, and it's probably a bread-related product,
refined flour, all that stuff.
I eat gluten.
Tell them about the time
you were gluten on the back seat of the car.
Emily!
And that cop came up.
Has anybody ever...
I wonder in the history of police encounters,
when I wonder if anybody has ever
gotten
the offer of,
I'll let you off of the warning,
and been like,
No!
I don't accept your warning.
You think that's got to be a thing?
You don't fucking warn me.
You pulled me over for a bullshit reason.
I don't accept your warning.
It's just a fucking thing we say when we're letting you go.
I'm not going to be grateful for being let go.
I did that once.
Like, fuck your warning.
I'm warning you.
Don't fucking pull me over ever again.
Fucking cop...
I had the flu.
I was fucking just...
I was just rotten sick,
and I was going down to the market to get some juice,
like some healthy bits,
and the fucking cop pulled me over
because he thought I was on my phone.
I wasn't on my phone,
and he pulled me over,
and I was just so fucking pissed off,
and he was like,
You can go.
And I went, fuck you.
Dude! Dude!
I was laughing.
Ah!
And that...
That segment brought to you by white male privilege.
If I were a black guy,
I would be dead.
From the makers of voter suppression.
Fuck that guy.
What a piece of shit.
Never got ticketed. He'd fucking lied.
He was a dick.
He lied?
If I were a brown or a woman,
absolutely.
Thank God.
Yeah, but you'd probably be allowed
to say Merry Christmas.
Man, okay.
I'm just saying, listen to some of these YouTube links.
I'm fucking like, I'm not getting political.
I'm just listening.
I never believed in the war on Christmas
until today. Yeah, Steve knows,
because I talked to him about it.
But this is very serious, you guys.
I saw the Reese's Christmas trees,
you know, the new ones,
and they don't have a stump.
They have a point.
The same as the top point of the tree
and the same as the side points of the tree.
They have a bottom point
and not a stump,
and you can go through in the Google
and see the past Google
the Reese's Christmas trees,
and they have stumps because they're Christmas trees,
because it's Christmas, god damn it.
And it's a war on Christmas.
That's the only reason they would put a point
on the bottom.
To make it like,
I'd starve David,
I don't know.
If you were breaking
the Christmas movie,
if you were breaking the story
for the Christmas sequel, for instance,
wouldn't you be bending
over backwards to try to figure out
how to have there be a war on Christmas?
Isn't Christmas,
if it has anything to do with Christ,
the guy who planted
all the Christmas trees,
in
4000 BC,
if it was truly about Christ
and there was a war on it,
doesn't that work better?
Isn't that more appropriate?
The man is famous
for being fucking murdered.
You wear a thing around
your neck of the guy dying.
He's getting his ass kicked
by the government.
That's what makes you Christian.
Be fucking proud of yourself.
Like war on Christmas.
You sound like a pussy.
Meaning you sound like
you can do anything a penis can do.
Yeah. Nice save.
Yes, I'm confusing. Nice save.
But I'm safe.
You gotta see these Reese's trees.
I got all my bases covered.
But it's a...
I know,
we know everyone's dumb.
It's just...
Has anyone ever...
Have you ever, for real,
honest to say already,
gage yourself?
How much in your brain
have you ever altered your...
If you were about to say Merry Christmas,
have you bothered to stop yourself?
How conscious are you of that
interplay?
I know who my non-Christian friends are.
Jews, Arabs, whatever.
Like Delinial, whatever.
Savedness.
Like...
Nobody is ever mad
about the words Merry Christmas.
Because Merry Christmas means
nothing. It means nothing!
Merry Christmas, why would I be
married? The guys of this poor kid
are gonna die before he's 40.
He just got born in a barn.
He's got... There's an ox
there and he got
some shit that no kid would ever want.
And there's three dudes from
the fucking Orients that come over there
and bring him the worst...
The worst gifts ever and the supposed
best person.
What baby doesn't want myrrh?
Thank God the little drummer boys
here. Every baby shower
I go to, I make sure to bring
an unguence.
Do you know why the baby
Jesus smiles at the end of the
little drummer boy song? He's like,
get away! Leave me alone!
I'm...
My brain is gelatin.
I can't... I can't lift cake
to my mouth yet.
I'm just... They call it...
They call it an
in. It's not a fucking in.
There's no room at the end.
There's not even an in. It's a fucking
shack. It's a barn outside.
Well, wait. No, there's no room at the...
There's no room at the end. No, there's not
even an in. That's why they're in the barn.
There's a second in on the grassy
knoll. Oh, you're saying, you're saying
the in probably sucked. There was
no in. There was no in. There was never an in.
Do you think that in...
Well, I didn't know we were...
There was no in?
No, they added that. Wouldn't that in
be the most famous in the world?
That was all... Here's another thing.
Did you know that
fucking...
lumber does not burn at the temperature
of a...
I was like, the in is building
seven. I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah.
It was an inside job. There was no in.
It was. There was no in.
Also,
majors...
Have you gone on a major gate?
Ha, ha, ha.
Who's the guy that's the most excited
about the true story of Christ?
Mel Gibson, the movie he made. What's that
movie? It's 90% fucking
getting your ass kicked.
It's like underdog shit.
So why are you so mad?
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy. Macy's is not
allowed to fucking roll out a red
carpet for the naked man that I
worship for demonstrating to me that you
should never be fucking afraid. You should
hang out and love people and if they kill
you, they fucking kill you because that's the
currency. I just don't get these people.
Merry Christmas
to me, Dan Harmon, sarcastically.
She's going to take a shit. She's not mad.
It's cool.
It's impossible that this is offensive to
anyone.
There's no way
this is controversial at all.
When I went to India, maybe I've already spoken
about this, when church and I were in India,
there was Christmas decorations everywhere
and this is during Christmas
and they fucking worship
every festival and it was
so magical. There was Santa Clauses
and Christmas trees and
tinsel everywhere. Oh, in India, right.
Because you said they have so many festivals.
And they said,
to us, it's the festival of giving
and lights
and we're like, oh, back in our hometown
church said hilariously, she goes
back in America
there's a war on Christmas, apparently
India won because
they celebrate
the festival of gifts
and the festival of lights
and the festival of everybody being
like on the same team.
People all dress up as Santa Claus
and all give each other gifts. Everybody
Santa, everybody is the child.
You characterize India, it almost sounded like
as far as their civic
observation of
other religions
and things that they're kind of like following
the, well, it's happy hour somewhere
kind of like, which is not, I don't
mean to mischaracterize, I don't want to get your letters
like I have a mailbox, but you know
India is a really unfair place to blah, blah, blah.
I'm just saying in terms of their municipality
you said they're kind of like
I don't know how you phrase it.
They speak a million languages
they
obey or observe
100 religions, they're very
heterodoxic and... Heterodoxic.
I'm stealing it, what does it mean?
Heterodoxy.
Give it to me.
Let me fucking sound smart.
I want to know what it means. If it means
pickles, I don't want to accidentally use it.
It means like the other, like
heterosexual, like the other.
Like, oh, like, oh,
what's the last part? Doxic, what is it?
Heterodoxy.
Doxy, oh, doxy like, okay.
Stacy Schiff
who wrote a great
biography of Cleopatra said that
Alexandria
bustled with heterodoxy.
Compatibility, like
the opposite of xenophobia, like
saying, hey, if you're going to be big...
You can be Jewish, you can be Islamic, you can do whatever the fuck
and nobody fucking cares.
Like Taoism, like Eastern religions are heterodoxic
and they're like, go ahead, be Christian.
Never heard of them, like fucking bring them in.
Whatever, like, what did he say?
Did he say you can't be Taoist?
I can't find it in the rule book. Alright, then he's
allowed in.
However, forgive our listeners if I've ever
from repeating myself,
our driver, I asked her,
so you celebrate every festival
and she goes, yeah, I go...
Jewish festivals? She goes, nah.
Nah.
Meh.
But it wasn't because of, I don't think it's because of anti-Semitism.
I think she's like, it's,
their stuff is really for them.
Like, it's like, you don't get to, like, kind of just...
That sounds like anti-Semitism.
That's exactly
what Germans say.
Their stuff is really for them. Let's get them.
I don't
like this boys' club stuff.
What if we were proud of our bloodline?
Yeah.
You got me.
Oh, I can't believe how proud I was getting.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's a mixed bag and I think that
the more heterodoxical, if I'm making
a word up, I don't care.
Invariance with the accepted
or official traditional
religion.
I'm wondering about the subject.
Doxical.
Paradoxical. What's dox?
What does that mean?
Belief system.
Orthodoxy.
Culture.
What else ends in dox?
Belief system.
Listen to the History of English podcast.
It's so great.
It makes you feel so dumb,
but you can just listen to it over and over again.
Okay, I got 1% of that in my brain.
Crazy.
Okay.
I've Googled heterodoxy in a religious sense.
It means any opinions or doctrines
that variance with an official or orthodox position.
Under this definition,
heterodoxy is similar to unorthodoxy.
While the adjective
heterodox could be applied
to a dissident.
Well, yeah.
When I read that word, I mean, maybe I'm getting it all wrong,
but when I read that word, I took it to mean
the idea that other things are happening
at once.
It's the precursor to sometimes
fascist slides.
From what I understand,
whether there's
economic instability
or not, it's basically
when there's technologically assisted
kind of cultural upheaval where it starts
to feel like there's gridlock happening
and there's horns honking.
The older folk,
they do what we've seen them do,
which is to start to go,
like this when I was a kid,
honk, honk, honk,
and then anybody
who starts walking down that crowded sidewalk
with a sandwich board that goes like,
who loves Hitler?
Even though they were yesterday
because they were able to get to work on time
and weren't being embarrassed
more than five times a year
about their foot-and-mouth moments
of like, oh, I guess I didn't know everything.
When that hits six times a year or more,
it's multiculturalism.
It's like the potting soil
for, you know, fascist
to like, impulse.
You can live in a culture
and believe something other than the
Orthodox ideal of
that culture, and that'd be all right.
I mean, because when's that ever paid off
for any country?
Cha-ching?
When did we ever get the impression
that like, oh,
slippery slope letting these
foreigners like
in like, are you fucking kidding me?
You fucking, all
pieces of shit.
You fucking like, grandsons
of fucking yokels from some
fucking European country that were
getting their asses kicked.
Going around touring the country doing comedy shows
and driving through America
and the moment you get
a bit outside of
kind of the major cultural hubs like
colleges and, you know, major cities,
Confederate flags
waving and like, what?
Like, you weren't even
a boo
to
you weren't a slave state Ohio
or fucking Minnesota.
You weren't even in the fucking
fight in the fucking thing.
And that flag is just
simply a signal saying keep moving
if you're not
a white asshole.
And I can't, like,
I love traveling the country.
I love performing around the country and I don't mean
to talk shit about any particular
cities in general, but it's like
you waving your flag
of obvious bigotry
is
crazy. Yeah. And if you're in Ohio
then you're saying your frustration is
you're going, god damn it, that's the next door to me
and I can't, there's no flag I can put out
I can't put out a United Nations flag.
I can't do it. There's no flag.
Although in my place I have a huge Brexit flag
outside my place right now.
There's a flag that says like I'm fucking
down to clown.
Like a real American
always has been.
What would the flag, how would you design
the down to clown flag?
Would it have a flag on it?
How would you do down to clown flag?
I don't know, man. I'm not
in the mood to joke about it. It gets me
uncharismatic to talk about it.
I just so like, I've said it a thousand
times and like, first of all
I am the grandchild
of fucking women that are
covered in crazy Eastern European
warts and speak with accents.
Like I can't, this country is so young.
Like I am the whitest guy
in this room and I am
a stone's throw from
immigration.
And not people who came over here
and cleared the fucking
list of like, Will are you
here to make us rich? No, I'm here
to fucking hide. I'm here to fucking
run. I'm here because I
will die. I jumped out
the window of the skyscraper
of my burning country and I'm landing
here. I don't, I need
somewhere to stay.
We made that big business.
I don't, like, how can
people be so fucking rude
and mean and hypocritical?
And when the answer is
well, because they don't understand
and you're hurting their feelings because
it sucks to be
made fun of for being stupid.
I want to fucking boo who.
Like, what do you mean?
Like, read a book.
I just get so
fucking mad about it because I'm like,
like, when did we,
how did we get so fucking
dumb? Like, why are we,
whatever. That's the
evolution of empires
is that we always just
you crest and you fall
and we're doing a very
predictable fall
but we didn't get anywhere near
the crest. We fucking
we, all we did was
accidentally
stumble into
the internet age.
Because of the
culture that we created over here
for better or for worse, of
like, we were like
hey man, capitalism,
poker chips, like keep
you have your religion, have your cookbooks,
have your fucking
politics, like
we're never going to knock on your door
and check up on you, do what you do,
pay your taxes, like it's a big
experiment over here and
if there was, like
it's not a controversial statement to say we
invented the internet, is it?
Is there someone from
Scotland, you got your friend from Scotland here?
I don't, I'd like, because I know if you say like
we invented the automobile. Oh by the way, can we give a
shout out, this motherfucker Colin
came all the way from Glasgow, Scotland to come see
us last week.
Oh damn. Colin,
did you invent the internet?
No, steam engine
I think you got right. They invented it together.
And the headbutt.
Fucking own it, you invented the headbutt. He helped.
Is it a Scottish,
is it a Scottish,
I listened to that podcast
The Illusionist and it's like about like
language. Yeah, language.
And it was talking about like how the
Scots are like so bullied, like
linguistically, like throughout. Colin jump on stage
so we can see him grab a microphone. Do you want to come up?
If you want to come up, come up and share.
We don't get to hear Scottish people.
He traveled a mighty long way. Oh I get to sit down then.
Thank God.
Oh, we have a guest I can sit down.
Yeah, you've been standing for a while.
Yeah, yeah.
Please. Here, give me that, that was
on my phone. Dan needs that. Thank you.
For later.
You want a drink? Is everybody there?
I reload you. There will be.
This is going to be production
value, just your accent. We don't get to hear Scottish
people enough. Well, that's what I was saying.
Jeff, I've been doing my best
to hide my Glaswegian.
You're from Glasgow, right?
Yeah.
But you said originally you're from this place called
the Clay Bank? Oh, I'm from Clay Bank, yeah.
Woo.
And they're famous, nobody
from Clay Bank?
Yeah.
The Clay Banks claim to fame.
There's like memorials there and stuff because
they were targeted intensely by Nazi bombings.
We, well,
we're very good at making,
well, we had
singer sewing machines.
Someone here may know that.
Or in that we had John Brown shipyards
and we made, yeah, we made ships
that helped fight the Nazis.
So you were a war target because of the
shipbuilding and the sewing machines
or fabric and... Maybe not the sewing machines,
but definitely.
But when you think that there would be like
uniforms and sails.
Oh, yeah.
They came after us because of the shipbuilding.
They fucked us up.
Now,
if you talk to somebody from Edinburgh,
in my experience, Colin, you talk to someone
from Edinburgh and they call it a headbutt,
they call it a Glasgow kiss.
Do you call it a Glasgow kiss or do you call
it something else? I call it fucking sore.
You call it what?
Fucking sore.
Now I'm scared.
Now I'm terrified.
Yeah, I listen to this
podcast about the British
kind of like
treatment of the...
It's like being Scottish
in
a British Empire and
how that has functioned throughout history
in particularly the language.
And
Americans like... I'll just speak for myself.
Really not that familiar with it at all.
I'm just familiar with it enough to know
that there's basically a
Scottish language that I would not
understand at all
because it's not...
And then it's like there's a Scottish
dialect
that makes English its own thing.
And then as
school kids,
even if you're going...
Because I'm not sure I got this right.
Even if you're going to school
in Scotland,
are you kind of shamed
for the jargon?
I think the closest possible metaphor
we would have in America is the
Ibonic thing.
When we had this thing, we had a word for it,
and people were like, how dare you?
And then it was like...
But that may be a really offensive
analog for either side.
Colin, you said that you are
a Scottish language speaker, right?
Yeah, me and my grandest from
Donegal.
How much of your upbringing
did you actually speak Scots or Scots-Irish?
I've never
spoke proper
Scottish-Gaelic.
So it's like...
It's like Irish-Gaelic, Scottish-Gaelic.
I don't really know Scottish-Gaelic.
I know when I've had a few drinks
and I've been there for a scone game.
I can murmur my way through it.
Would you know it in English
or would you know it in Scots?
I'd probably do very well with Scots.
But
one of the main things I can remember
from my grand and you both,
he was from Donegal
and nice as best guy in the world
ever.
He went to a shop with my brothers
and
the shopkeeper was
foreign.
And he was speaking a different
language to someone else.
So he was dealing with
my grand and he found that really offensive.
So he refused to speak
English or Scottish
to this person
until they acknowledged him in Scots.
So all he did was just speak Scottish-Gaelic.
Really?
And it lasted from what my brother said.
Quite a while.
Intentionally speaking to my brother
in Scottish-Gaelic until this person would then go,
Oh, sorry.
I wish
racism is one of the great racisms
of all time.
I'm sure it's a
a Glaswegian comedian. I think it was Frankie Boyle
who said that the Irish invented
sectarianism in Scotland perfected it.
I'm pretty sure it is.
Who said it was correct?
Oh, it was my ex-wife because my ex-wife is Irish
now. She lives in Ireland.
And
I referred
to the whole
fucking
banana bowl as the UK
and she's like, first of all, Ireland is not the UK
and I was like, oh, yeah.
But then she was like,
well, half of it is
and that's the source of a bunch of
and I'm like, alright, so it's not that big a misunderstanding.
One core, maybe.
But Scotland is,
we were in Scotland and we spent a lot of time
because they were having an election that was coming up
about the possible secession
and that didn't go through.
It didn't, but I think
Brexit may help.
Were you pro-independence or?
Yeah, I was pro-independence.
It's incredible.
And if you guys
had made it, you would have had
and one day
I think Scotland will be independent
and you will have the best
national anthem of all time because
Flower of Scotland is fucking cool.
Flower of Scotland is fucking amazing. Sing a bit for us.
I'll be happy to.
When
she bloom
she bloom like
Flowers of Scotland
from
the pipes, the pipes
they blow for
me
gardens
and the dragons
may be name
ice and the mice may be
dragon men
but I long
for flowers
of Scotland
and I
hit
my wife again.
Oh, he drooled.
I just started thinking of
Sean Connery right at the end there.
Somebody told me
Sean Connery in like a 60 minutes interview
like the interviewer was like
you said at one point it's okay to slap a woman
if she disagrees with anything
he's like I stunned by it.
Wow.
It was an awesome like
sometimes you need to know
what's what.
What did he say
they're like what do you think
and this is obviously something that must be
before 1989
that's an interview happened but he was like
his explanation was
if you have a fight
and you've already won
the man's won and then she keeps
going.
Now it must be nice
to live in a world where fights are won
ever.
Holy crap.
In the context of the 60 minutes piece
or whatever they're like but here's the thing
happily married for 27 years
they're like hey think about it
maybe you should try it at home
and all the women in the
writers room are talking about
happily
where's the 60 minutes piece on his wife
anyways
so that's why I threw that
in the national anthem.
If you ever see a rugby match
or whatever
and
the crowd sings
acapella.
Sorry that's just me being a bit
awful.
If you ever hear the crowd acapella sing
it's beautiful.
Yeah I go to every
part of the Tartan army
every fucking game you sing
and then you get your heart broken
because some Belgium guy just scored
a fucking screamer from absolutely
about it
and then you go for a couple of pints
and you go yeah well I mean
one of my favorite
when Trump got elected
one of my favorite protest photos
when he did the Arab
ban or tried to do that
there was a Scottish
woman holding up a poster that said
a free air name but I know exactly
she said your mother was an immigrant
you absolute roaster
roaster
I don't even know what a roaster means
but it's fucking it sounds like a joke
roaster is just kind of
and what about your fucking continuing supply
of mail order Brian are you fucking
kidding me
oh yeah I hate
I don't remember this
I must have missed this one
again it's like I'm not charismatic
when I give a shit about this
it's amazing
when will we see
your likes again
it's fucking good
that fought and died
for who
your wee bit hell
and glennon stood against
I bet who
voted
for that
stroking on
the glennon
if it makes you feel better
I was about to show you
I've been we stroking
I'm not we stroking
normally after you see
fucking proud edwards army
if you're independent
you show you wanker
you want to hear the
phrase that they taught me in milwaukee
comedy sports when we had our accent workshop
I would love to
I'll start with a couple others
for irish
because they got
we're gonna give you a crash course
45 minutes we're gonna teach you 20 accents
so we're gonna teach you one line
from each accent that if you say it
maybe you can maybe do the accent
it hooks you into it
it's like if you want to do george bush
now I'm ready
go for it
he just died
amazing president
but for irish
they go like keep it in the back of your teeth
you think you love me but you don't
is that everything's like breathy
and then scottish was
it's a great great day
for muta car racing
motor car racing
and we would always
the only thing we did it was like
it was like okay now we're
accent experts and we're like
can we get an accent scottish
and everybody in the scene would just come in
it's a great great day for muta car racing
yes it is a great day
is that jackie's turn
I thought you were gonna do the
Sean Connery mosh things down here
don't react well to muta car racing
and if they don't react well
I'm fine with it but if they're women
you give them a slap
sometimes you need it
that's him in Highlander
I think Colin a song really
you didn't even quite know
cause I belong to Glasgow
I think it was
is it Jerry Rafferty
I think it might have been Jerry Rafferty
someone's gonna be here in this from Scotland
I've been with a few of my cronies
one or two pals of mine
we went into a hotel
we did very well
to us cunt confetti
did you call me a cunt fettie
why would you just fucking call me a cunt
we're actually
we can't care
I just never know because I've been warned
because
is that what they call
that's adorable but probably
I can make it absolutely
I couldn't say you can make it cure
people from clay bank called bankies
bankies
which also kind of seems like
it's ever a fault for the fucking crisis
but oh so
are you supposed to say Glasgow or Glasgow
sorry
is there such a thing as an upper class
glass
region
mostly there in the west end
which is where I currently work
how big is it compared
can you think of an American city
do you know populations of American cities
can you say like it's big as Houston
of course you can, that's what they do in Scotland
they sit around in the San Francisco
study populations of American cities
it's definitely tiny
apparently
well
I'd say we're quite small
but like you were saying with
the
the dialect
I think quite a lot of it comes from
like you're also deciding it's about the posh people
I work in the west
ish
and
if I spoke how well
I speak like this I know to use
and that's how I speak to them but if I spoke normally
I absolutely have no fucking idea
what the fuck I was saying
nobody tell them
I would not have a job
you think you sound like Tom Brocaw
right now
but
you're saying like you're making an effort
to be like
okay I'm talking to Americans
but it's the same there
this is the same effort for them
if your family called you up
or you got in a fight with somebody
this is not how I speak
give us the thickest brogue
that you got
to an impression of your least favorite relative
I'll be an American
ringing your doorbell and asking for directions
bing bong
do your doors go bing bong
or are they like
bing
all proud of Scotland
it's more
later from America
I don't know
their doorbells are big pipes
yeah yeah
we don't have doorbells
your doorbibes
he's doing it
oh shit
we're fucking it up
I can't do it
ask him a question
play ball here
excuse me I'm from Iowa
and I love your Loch Ness monster
country and I'd like to
I just want to know where's the wifi
can you help me
you fucking
I consider you lower
I'm totally rude so just
let go on me
you want fries with that
is this a restaurant
what's your dirt here
why don't you go back to fucking England
you fucking dirty Tory bastard
there you go
that sounds more normal
you and McGregor
all right Don
can we talk about
can we talk about the brown
the brown sauce they put on the
fucking bacon buddy or the
the chip buddy
it's the greasiest thing I've ever had in my life
depends
I'm pretty sure
I've suddenly stopped talking a wee bit
no it's good
I think the brown sauce
is normal it's just red sauce
but it's also
a point
so if you're in Glasgow and you speak
kind of normal it's a red sauce
but not brown sauce
and if you
go somewhere fancy it's
oh I can have some ketchup
that's when you know you're
I had a fucking
have you ever had a bacon buddy
it's just fucking
french fries on a roll
that's it
there's no bacon buddy
a chip buddy is just chips
it's a roll
and bacon
Dan and I were in
it was freezing tits we were there during
New Year's Eve
and we had a fucking
a deep fried Mars bar
it was fucking good
hey it's me
that's the fucking oldest
thing we've ever had
it's me
MC Scottish
Secession
hey how come
you didn't secede
Zach are you up there
why does Zach have to be up there
it feels like
it might need a beat
okay
like troll
him
I thought it was a genuine question
it's me
I wanted to get
I don't know what I wanted to do
I'm drunk
yo
Scottish secession
Scotland
let me hear you say Scotland
if you got a gun you're gonna get
Scotland
yo
I'm gonna be
a no man's in Ireland
I'm better than everyone
from Ireland
cause I got no iron I just got a gun
man
my name is MC
MC cause that's a Scottish
thing you see
my name is MC
Mick Mick Mick Mick Mick
Mick Mick Mick Mick
yeah
I've got autonomy
I've got my trash
don't make me do it for free
I'm gonna pay no taxes
if there's nothing for me
I'm gonna head butt your ass
my name is MC
Scott
Scottish
Scotch
without me
you wouldn't have tape
you wouldn't
more strings down here
don't know what I want
okay
alright we should end that
the tape thing is
gonna be the peak
this is a
fucking surreal
you came all the way out here
sorry go ahead
you're going back
in a couple of days you said?
yeah I go back in Thursday
what's the city in Scotland
that's like
I said Glasgow is not
you have a
fancy glass
what did you say? glass gleejans?
glass weijans?
yeah weijans
so outside of we get called
well is there a nickname for them?
we had weijis here
weijis
but I'm saying do you have a name
for the upper class
glass gleejans?
yeah
but if you're just
tuning in that word means a different thing
in Europe like it's not
it doesn't have the
it doesn't have quite the
apart from everyone
it's the highest place you can get
but I'm probably a cunt
you had a great cunt
I think
I saw our friends with a comedian
in Scotland and he said
I'm going to absolutely butcher this
fucking bit
Scotland is the most progressive place in the world
because it's been a place
where women
are
the most progressive place in the world because
women don't see gender because every single week
women are telling guys they're going to kick their cunt
in
and I absolutely butcher that
the guy's fucking amazing
by his DVD
I guess I was going to ask like
is it
is Edinburgh
is that the capital of Scotland
and is that
the New York of Scotland in terms of
finance
industry
Glasgow is Glasgow bigger than Edinburgh?
I think
to do with finance and stuff it is but I think
also Scotland revolves so much around
well
that's in keeping like we have DC
which is smaller and less important
and more industrial
but also
we've got
this sounds so pathetic
but we've got the two
best football teams
and soccer teams as well
which ones? Rangers
or Celtic Rangers
the Lakers
yeah I'm a Celtic
I'm a hardcore heart
heart's glorious heart
the banks are in castle
the talk of the tune
and the boys in the room
I want to bring
Omar Camacho back and have
Cholos try drinking with
Scots
the most dangerous games you
ever fucking go to is the Celtic Rangers game
the teams
have to come
the fans have to come from different sides of the town
and arrive at different times
and leave at different times
and you're not allowed to even wear the strip
you can't even wear it
you can't wear the jerseys around town
there's just going to be violence
do you guys
Celtic's been doing so well
currently
the last time
we won
at Ivoryx
we won 3-2
we're now
the longer the players are banned
from going to see their own fans
now
or doing a lap of honour
because when
Celtic won
players are coming over
just to do the normal thing
it came from Germany
where if you win you go see your fans
you wave
you do your victory parade
they came over to say cheers
and Rangers fans
in the bottom left corner from what I remember
we're not happy
the very front
of their fans is
people in wheelchairs with disabilities
and the Rangers fans decided to
climb on top of them
and try and get on the pitch to attack the Celtic fans
which led to a lot of people
in wheelchairs getting trampled on
and sued on
and it was Ranger fans trampling their own
yeah it was Ranger fans
well that's where liking sports gets you
alright
do you guys still have a spider on your money
they have a spider on their dollar
yeah I think so
because they're George Washington
is a guy who
went in a cave and fought a spider
when your country is old enough
it's like there's no
oh you made a head wooden teeth he might not have
he wrote a dragon and he had spiders in his eyes
it's like some guy
who was in a cave with a spider
that was definitely true but I've got a tenor
with Ravi Burns and
Edward Cappell
it's very plastic
but there's like a spider where's the spider
oh that's I mean I think that's on the fiver
there's a spider on the fiver
you're thinking of the spider king
oh it's amazing
yeah spider is definitely a thing yeah
what do we got an eagle and it's like
Scotland's main thing
is like our national animal
is a fucking unicorn
that's not allowed
they've chosen their national animal
to be a fucking unicorn
that's not allowed
totally is
oh my passport was a fucking unicorn
no
Scotland's not even a country
that's fighting talk
oh shit
we got a headbutt coming from your bagpipe
now
he's gonna headbutt you
you're doing Irish
oh you fucking cunt
I'm gonna bury my gold under a tree
you're never gonna find it
you'll never find my Scottish rainbow
you're doing lucky the leprechaun now
we are on the Scottish Charms
surprise more Scottish
like Americans and stuff don't do
bagby's voice for a train spot
bagby bagby
I heard train spotting
right at the end
bagby
bagby is like
my Irish ex-wife
was talking
about Ireland with me
because she was like
when Trump got elected
and was like boy we're having so much grief
and all this stuff and I was like
you know what we need to do
is just have a president
at this point we all agree
that the president is the new king
and we should have
let the president
be a ceremonial
title because it has so much more to do
with pride and fucking symbolism
and let the smarty
pances that are only gonna ruin that party
actually
understand that there's the equivalent of like a chancellor
or prime minister who went to law school
and graduated
any school and
is like you elect them based on
like their job that they're gonna do and they don't wear a jacket
she told me Ireland
has that exact thing they have an Irish president
and who is really
more like
I'm the Irish president and I'm just like kind of here to say
it's great to be Irish
and then they have a prime minister
who's actually kind of like
a new age
because of the way
I don't think anybody really
truly knows Irish politics that well
because it's a fucking mess
because they don't fucking count
I still know Irish
I'm trying to get on your good side
but I keep sounding Irish
ah come on it's me
your friend Dan Harmon
but they
I think
the way it works because of Northern Ireland
the Republic Ireland
if you're voting for
the public you have to vote for Sinn Fein
so I think there's 12
Sinn Fein ministers
in London
and they will not vote in anything
that isn't specifically
about Ireland
so people like Scotland
try and get them to vote for us
a wee bit but they refuse
I love the Irish so much
but Scotland's good
no Scotland's great
we've got a female First Minister
who's amazing
so how is your structure
do you have a prime minister
you call her the First Minister
she's the First Minister
and basically England pretends we've got power
and she gets to kind of wield it
England pretends what?
we've got power
they pretend
she does nice things
we've got the NHS
in general
but if you're in England you have to pay for prescriptions
but if you're in Scotland you don't
if you get bit by a spider
you're out in the cold
but that's because they believe
that God bit you
it's the only thing
they believe that spiders are
you're like
get a spider bite you
get out
then God wants you to die
education costs money
Scotland it doesn't
can you cook on a Robert Burns
for us
I'd be happy to Jeff
you talking about his famous poem
a mouse
I'll call you some Roger
I could do it
do you mind if I do the original
Scottish dialect
I would love you
I'm out of practice
I don't know
but we
don't know
I don't know
when will be
there
they send us
cliffhanger
let's give it up to Kyle
thank you Colin for coming up here
thank you everybody for coming
see you next week
we'll give it up for our har certification staff
I'm your calm controller Jeff Davis
Charlie Jeff Davis, Spencer, your Game Master.
Thank you.
Church taking the stage.
Doing all of your fantastic photography.
And your mayor, Dan Harmon, of course.
Thank you all.
Drive fast.
Take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.